doc: Added first draft for upgrade guide 2.0.0 (DOCSP-52120) (#3538)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/2.0.0-upgrade-guide.md

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-guides-200-upgrade-guide"
description: |-
MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide
---

# MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide

**New Features** 

The Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider version 2.0.0 has the following new features:

**Breaking Changes**

> - `export` and `auto_export_enabled` are now optional only arguments. This facilitates tracking changes in their configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `export` and `auto_export_enabled` are now optional only arguments in `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule `. This facilitates tracking changes in their configurations. 
```
same as the other, clarify which is the resource that has been changed

- `hour_of_day` is now defined as required for `mongodbatlas_maintenance_window`resources. This clarification prevents errors when creating new resources. 

> - `actions` now is set as `TypeSet`. This prevents plan diffs after a reordering your resources.  

Reviewer: clarify which is the affected resource
```suggestion
- `actions` now is set as `TypeSet` in `mongodbatlas_custom_db_role`. This prevents plan diffs when reordering the `actions` in `mongodbatlas_custom_db_role` resource.  
```

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide"
sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-guides-200-upgrade-guide"
description: |-
MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide
---

# MongoDB Atlas Provider 2.0.0: Upgrade and Information Guide

**New Features** 

The Terraform MongoDB Atlas Provider version 2.0.0 has the following new features:

**Breaking Changes**

- `export` and `auto_export_enabled` are now optional only arguments. This facilitates

>   tracking changes in their configurations. 

Reviewer: can we have this in a single line? same for the next bullet point

Author: Done
